# Zdravo-prijatelj
Just an Serbian girl, living in a tech world.

This is so freakin' exciting to be back in the game after so long.  You know, if it wasn't for my amazing other half who pushes me to move farther, all while forging his own path, I wouldn't be making GitHub my Friday night date while waiting for him to come home from such a long day of work. :heart::two_hearts::revolving_hearts: I am so blessed to have this human be my lighthouse in a dark night, showing me the way like the fearless leader of our pack that he is, and always will be.  I guess this page will be an ode to him, and ode to I, and how our storied pasts merged into being the unit of strength that we are now.  Lord knows that I'm no angel :angel: but I sure am effing thankful that he straightens out my halo.  My love letter to him is truly endless, because my passion for loving him is innate. :heart::two_hearts::revolving_hearts::love_letter::cupid:  I seriously do not know how my listless soul drifted and wandered from place to place wistfully in life, grabbing as much out of it as I could.  Little did I know that he, too, was wistfully wandering himself, waiting to collide :collision::boom::collision: with my presence and burst my soul into a sea of confettied, kaleidoscopic colors that have blossomed my world into a someone who is eternally in awe at the artform that is his soul.  :kiss::love_letter:


<blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="edYIa1W"><a href="//imgur.com/edYIa1W">let&#39;s fall in love</a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
